oop: adds intro-to-oop, intro-to-oop-contd, python-oop, oop-relationships. (#42)
Ada-Developers-Academy/core-unit-1: intro-to-oop-contd/testing-objects.md

- Return value of `calculate_avg_rating` for a `Driver` instance with 2+ trips
- Return value of `calculate_avg_rating` for a `Driver` instance with 0 trips

She can test an instance method named `add_trip` by checking:

- When passing a valid `new_trip` into the method...
    - Return value of `add_trip`
    - The state of the `trips` attribute should change
        - The length is increased
        - The `trips` list contains the `new_trip`
- When passing an invalid `new_trip` into the method...
    - Return value of `add_trip`
    - The state of the `trips` attribute should **not** change
        - The length is the same
        - The `trips` list does not contain the `new_trip`

### Exercise: Test Cases

Read through this project description. Then, make a list of all relevant test cases. This list should mirror Scarlet's list of tests for her ride share app.

Imagine an app that manages the customers and orders of a grocery store. There are two classes, `Customer` and `Order`.

Each `Customer` has:
    - `name`
    - `email_address`

Each `Order` has:
    - `products`
    - `customer`
    - `add_product` method
    - `remove_product` method

> Imagine and make up assumptions about the logic of `add_product` and `remove_product`, particularly around the **edge cases**.

Author: I'm being a weirdo: Gonna fight for "Imagine and make up" for the first instance, and then conform to "Make up reasonable" for the rest

Reasoning:
Similar to what I've mentioned about the word "decide," "make up assumptions/make up reasonable assumptions" somehow comes across as closer to "figure out the assumptions," as if saying "there is a correct answer to this that you should be able to conclude within this exercise."

In my opinion, adding the prefix "Imagine and" softens it and opens it up to being like, "hey, if imagination is at play, there isn't a correct answer. We're in the middle of an extended metaphor, and playin' in the exploration space."

(to be clear, a lot of this is because contextually we're introducing new concepts, and this task is particularly creative around the new concept. If this were something like "whiteboard interview practice," I'd be comfortable saying "make up reasonable assumptions")

> Imagine and make up assumptions about the logic of `add_product` and `remove_product`, particularly around the **edge cases**.

Reviewer: If you'd like to use imagine (which is definitely softer), how about 'Imagine some possible assumptions'?

For me, 'imagine' has a vagueness to it that demands a bit more lead into the thing being imagined.  For example, consider distributing the object (assumptions) over the verbs, and we get "imagine assumptions" and "make up assumptions".  Both sound blunt to me.  I feel like the make up version is a little simpler to adjust with a little adjective (I chose reasonable, but possible works just as well—anything to put a little breathing room between the verb and the object here).

I also associate imagine as more like "picture in your mind a possible representation of a thing." I more let the concept come to me rather than actively driving its representation.  Whereas "make up" involves guiding the experience more actively.  So imagine picturing a possibly existing case, while making up is more of an act of creation.  Does that make any sense???  I dunno.

So really for imagine, I feel like I want even a little _more_ room, since imagination is a freeform concept. So to expand and distinguish the subtle difference between imagining and making up, maybe something like:

```suggestion
Imagine how the `add_product` and `remove_product` methods might behave, and make up some possible  assumptions about their logic, particularly around the **edge cases**.
```

##### !end-question

### !end-challenge
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

## Revisit pytest Syntax

Our pytest unit tests will test a class's state and behavior. However, overall, our syntax does not change very much.

```python
def test_some_example_test_case():
    # Arrange
    # Create an instance of the class
    # and set up any other necessary test variables

    # Act
    # Call the method that we are testing

    # Assert
    # Verify all relevant return values and state changes
```

When testing the initial state of an instance, the "Act" step is likely the instantiation step, instead of "Arrange".

### Example

Let's dive immediately back into Scarlet's ride share app, and her tests for `Driver`. In Scarlet's app, imagine there is a `Trip` class that has an optional `rating` attribute.

This test tests a driver's initial state:

```python
def test_new_valid_driver():
    name = "Batman"
    vin = "NAN4NAN4NA"
    trip_a = Trip()
    trip_b = Trip()
    trips = [trip_a, trip_b]

    batman = Driver(name=name, vin=vin, trips=trips)

    assert batman.name is name
    assert batman.vin is vin

>     assert len(batman.trips) is 2

Author: Thanks! It took me longer to understand that `is` is for identity than I would've liked

    assert trip_a in batman.trips
    assert trip_b in batman.trips
```

We should notice:

- In our Arrange step, we'll set up the `name`, `vin`, `trip_a`, `trip_b`, and `trips` variables
- In our Act step, we instantiate `batman`
- In our Assert step, we check:
    - `batman`'s `name` attr
    - `batman`'s `vin` attr
    - The length of `batman`'s `trips`
    - The contents of `batman`'s `trips`

### !callout-info

## Why is Checking the `trips` List So Weird?

> In the above test, we checked that `batman.name` is equal to `"Batman"`. However, for `batman.trips`, we checked the length and the contents of the trip. Python does not check equality between lists like how a human might imagine. Our best strategy is to check the length and contents.

Author: I think I probably mistakenly assumed something; I'll read back through and see if I can cut this callout and adjust the tests if needed

> In the above test, we checked that `batman.name` is equal to `"Batman"`. However, for `batman.trips`, we checked the length and the contents of the trip. Python does not check equality between lists like how a human might imagine. Our best strategy is to check the length and contents.

Author: I agree with you that the content here is wrong.

Now here's a code style thing, if you'd like to throw your wisdom in here:

```python
    assert len(batman.trips) == 2
    assert trip_a in batman.trips
    assert trip_b in batman.trips
```

vs.

```python
    assert batman.trips == [trip_a, trip_b]
```

I'd argue that approach #1 is more flexible (depending on how `in` works, doesn't necessitate `trips` being a list), but I don't know enough Python to know how much that matters.

> In the above test, we checked that `batman.name` is equal to `"Batman"`. However, for `batman.trips`, we checked the length and the contents of the trip. Python does not check equality between lists like how a human might imagine. Our best strategy is to check the length and contents.

Reviewer: `in` calls `__contains__`, so it requires that the object be something that implements `__contains__`.  In general code, I could understand wanting to allow for different data types (though usually swapping collection types is something we do at more than just the drop of a hat), so having the test encode that the expected collection type doesn't seem overly strict.  There's also the question of whether the collection is ordered or not and whether that's important.  But all of those concerns seem a bit esoteric to me in this context.

If I were writing this test, I probably wouldn't even bother creating a new array for the assertion.  I think
```python
    assert batman.trips == trips
```
would be fine (not _is_ trips, since the ctor might duplicate the list).  But if the thing coming back is indexable and so forth, might as well just own the fact that it's probably a list.  Of course, even just exposing arrays of values when they are so easily modified without the owner knowing is a whole discussion on its own!
